Remove grid- prefixes from *-gap in Glossary/Gutters (#12759)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/gutters/index.md

</div>
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('Example', '300', '280')}}

In terms of grid sizing, gaps act as if they were a regular grid track however nothing can be placed into the gap. The gap acts as if the grid line at that location has gained extra size, so any grid item placed after that line begins at the end of the gap.

> The `*-gap` properties are not the only thing that can cause tracks to space out. Margins, padding or the use of the space distribution properties in [Box Alignment](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Box_Alignment_in_CSS_Grid_Layout) can all contribute to the visible gap – therefore the `*-gap` properties should not be seen as equal to the "gutter size" unless you know that your design has not introduced any additional space with one of these methods.

Reviewer: My experience is that people tend to misunderstand the `*` or to just not be able to find the values it stands for. As there are only two properties is, I think this is much easier to read:
```suggestion
The `row-gap` and `column-gap` properties are not the only things that can cause tracks to space out. Margins, padding, or the use of the space distribution properties in [Box Alignment](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Box_Alignment_in_CSS_Grid_Layout) can all contribute to the visible gap – therefore the `row-gap` and `column-gap` properties should not be seen as equal to the "gutter size" unless you know that your design has not introduced any additional space with one of these methods.
```

Author: Agreed, thank you for the suggestion!
